feat: add ability to align the dialog vertically (#1919)
Frontify/fondue: .changeset/neat-cars-reply.md

---

> "@frontify/fondue-components": patch
> ---
> 
> feat: add option to position dialog at the top of the screen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@frontify/fondue-components": minor
---

feat: add option to position dialog at the top/bottom of the screen
```

Reviewer: Don't forget the > or just top?
Because if top/bottom, then we need the bottom CSS too

Author: adjusted
